[Music]
guess who's back
hey it's Joe and I think that I'm
wearing just about the dumbest shirt
ever I mean look at it there's this like
a random seen the down the middle we got
we got our pockets coming out of the
side the huge neckline I feel like the
person who made the shirt was just like
this okay so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna share a and we're gonna be
like let's just Eve in the middle and
big ass pocket on it in and lift the
neck way too big and I will see how many
people we can get by it'll be great you
Dre it'll be great
but the reason that I really brought you
what was that again oh right I almost
died see my dad asks me to go and help
him cuz he's putting in some new lights
around the house and I'm sitting there
and he asked me lay down on the floor so
I can make sure I think fells down the
whole freaking light fixture falls down
[Music]
squat like like you're in my head okay
here's my head that's where it fell I
almost died you know theoretically I
guess you know it could grow D my hair
is looking great today
[Music]